Replace image names and registry.redhat.io witth attributes (#267)
ansible/aap-docs: stories/topics/tech-note-aws-upgrade.adoc

= Upgrade note

> Upgrading {PlatformNameShort} to {ImageRef} updates the protocol of the listeners attached to the internal load balancers from HTTP to HTTPs. To update the listener protocol, the listener must be deleted and recreated properly. For this operation to succeed there must not have been an added resource dependancy on the listener. If there is a resource dependancy on the listener, this halts the upgrade, and the dependancy must be manually removed for the upgrade to succeed. When the upgrade has suceeded, the dependant resource can be recreated. You must revalidate any additional added networking configurations after upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrading {PlatformNameShort} to {ImageRef} updates the protocol of the listeners attached to the internal load balancers from HTTP to HTTPs.
To update the listener protocol, the listener must be deleted and recreated properly.
For this operation to succeed there must not have been an added resource dependency on the listener.
If there is a resource dependency on the listener, this halts the upgrade, and the dependency must be manually removed for the upgrade to succeed.
When the upgrade has succeeded, the dependent resource can be recreated.
You must revalidate any additional added networking configurations after upgrade.
```
